# My_Projects

##-1-
# Health & Fitness Tracker "Go Active", (Android Mobile Application):
"GoActive" project comes with the solution for a tremendous people need around the world to have a healthy body. It gives an all-in-one android application that helps tracking the user weight, food intake, fitness goals and exercises, without having to paying high price of a personal trainer or going to the Gym. It provides an efficient weight loss program to keep track of calories intake so there is no need to count or compute entire calories intake manually. It tells the user in an instant how much calorie needed to take in a day to reach a specific weight goals, and keeps watching what is eaten and tracking the total calories. Moreover, the system using GPS to track user's exercises with time, speed, distance and calories burned. The application evaluates user's progress and goals achievements by a chart. On the other hand, it provide the ability to interactive with social networking as Facebook to share the achievements and activates with friends. So "GoActive" can automatically compute everything . It leads the user to reach and maintain a healthy weight by tracking his exercises, weight and get a total picture of how much is taken and lost.

https://eng.najah.edu/graduation-projects/6574

https://eng.najah.edu/sites/eng.najah.edu/files/goactive_shahdtahreer.pdf

Demo: https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B2Wt1JwjYHqydXd0M0tJUTVtOGs


##-2-
# "POV GLOBE" (Hardware project)
This project’s aim is to display a colored sphere image utilizing persistence of vision ability of human eye. 
This display will allow users to upload an image to be displayed through serial peripheral interface (SPI). A persistence of vision (POV) refers to the phenomenon of the human eye in which an afterimage exists for a brief time (10 ms). A POV display exploits this phenomena by spinning a one dimensional row of LEDs. In our case, we created a sphere display by spinning a globe of LEDs around a central motor shaft. The rotational speed of the LEDs is fast enough such that the human eye perceives a two dimensional image. 
Our POV project includes a total of 40 RGB LEDs that are stacked vertically on a globe and rotates in a circle. The pictures generated by the spinning LEDs are coordinated by an Arduino ATmega328P microcontroller.

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B2Wt1JwjYHqyWl9sQWJCX05oaTg



